[LLM] New docs (#2828)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/llm-inference/reference-content/wizardlm-70b.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Understanding the WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model
```

>   description: This page explains the WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page provides information on the WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model
```

content:

>   h1: WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: Understanding the WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model
```

>   paragraph: This page explains the WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page provides information on the WizardLM-70B-V1.0 model
```

tags: 
categories:
  - ia
---

## Model overview

| Attribute       | Details                            |
|-----------------|------------------------------------|
| Provider        | [WizardLM](https://wizardlm.github.io/) |
| Model Name      | `wizardlm-70B-V1.0`                |
| Compatible Instances | H100 (FP8) - H1OO-2 (FP16)    |

## Model name

```bash
wizardlm-70B-V1.0
```

## Compatible Instances

- TBD

## Model introduction

> 

Reviewer: same as above

WizardLM-70B-V1.0, developed by WizardLM, is specifically designed for content creation platforms and writing assistants.
With its extensive training in diverse textual data, WizardLM-70B-V1.0 generates high-quality content and assists writers in various creative and professional endeavors.

## Why you will love it

WizardLM-70B-V1.0 offers unparalleled versatility and creativity in content generation. Whether you are a writer seeking inspiration or a content platform looking to automate content creation, this model delivers exceptional performance.
Its adaptability and natural language fluency make it valuable for enhancing productivity and creativity.

## How to use it

<Message type="tip">
  Ensure you have the necessary libraries provided by NVIDIA for Triton to interact with the server from your client code.
  You can find these libraries on [GitHub](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/client/tree/main).
  Follow the instructions provided in the `README` file to integrate these libraries into your project.
</Message>

### Sending Inference requests

> To perform inference tasks with your LLM model deployed on the Triton Inference Server, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform inference tasks with your LLM model deployed on the Triton Inference Server, use the following command:
```

## Model introduction

WizardLM-70B-V1.0, developed by WizardLM, is specifically designed for content creation platforms and writing assistants.
With its extensive training in diverse textual data, WizardLM-70B-V1.0 generates high-quality content and assists writers in various creative and professional endeavors.

## Why you will love it

WizardLM-70B-V1.0 offers unparalleled versatility and creativity in content generation. Whether you are a writer seeking inspiration or a content platform looking to automate content creation, this model delivers exceptional performance.
Its adaptability and natural language fluency make it valuable for enhancing productivity and creativity.

## How to use it

### Sending Inference requests

To perform inference tasks with your WizardLM model deployed at Scaleway, use the following command:

```bash
curl -s \
-H "X-Auth-Token: <IAM token>" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
--request POST \
--url "https://<Deployment UUID>.ifr.fr-par.scw.cloud/" \
--data '{"text_input": "Scaleway Inference service. Say hello", "max_tokens": 200, "temperature": 0.2, "random_seed": 1, "top_p": 0.9}' | jq -r .text_output
```

> Make sure to replace <IAM token> and <Deployment UUID> with your actual IAM token and the Deployment UUID you are targeting.

Reviewer 2: and here

<Message type="note">
  Ensure that the input data is properly formatted according to the model's input requirements.
</Message>

WizardLM adopts the prompt format from [Vicuna](https://github.com/lm-sys/FastChat/blob/main/docs/vicuna_weights_version.md#example-prompt-weights-v11-v13-v15) and supports multi-turn conversation. The prompt should be as following:

```
A chat between a curious user and an artificial intelligence assistant. The assistant gives helpful, detailed, and polite answers to the user's questions. 
USER: Hi 
ASSISTANT: Hello.</s>
USER: Who are you? 
ASSISTANT: I am WizardLM.</s>
```

### Receiving Inference responses

Upon sending the HTTP request to the public or private endpoints exposed by the server, you will receive inference responses from the managed Inference server. 
Process the output data according to your application's needs. The response will contain the output generated by the LLM model based on the input provided in the request.

<Message type="note">

>   Despite efforts to ensure accuracy, the possibility of generated text containing inaccuracies or 'hallucinations' exists. Always verify the content generated independently .

Reviewer 2: same remark as before about hallucinations
